---
title: Convert POTX to JPEG via .NET 
weight: 3500
url: /net/conversion/potx-to-jpeg/ 
description: Try our On-Premise APIs with your document on .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Azure, Mono or Xamarin Platforms.
---

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class isAutogenPage="true">}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/upper-banner h1="Convert POTX to JPEG via C#" h2="Export PowerPoint® POTX files to JPEG on .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Azure, Mono or Xamarin Platforms" logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/slides/272x272/aspose_slides-for-net.png" sourceAdditionalConversionTag="" additionalConversionTag="JPEG" pfName="Aspose.Slides" subTitlepfName="for .NET" downloadUrl="" fileiconsmall1="HTML" fileiconsmall2="JPG" fileiconsmall3="PDF" fileiconsmall4="XML" fileiconsmall5="POTX" >}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-container pfName="Aspose.Slides " subTitlepfName="for .NET" >}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/sub-menu autoGeneratedVersion="true" logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/slides/272x272/aspose_slides-for-net.png" apiHomeLink="https://products.aspose.app/slides/family" codeSamplesLink="https://github.com/aspose-slides" liveDemosLink="https://products.aspose.app/slides/family" docsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/slides/net" installationsDocsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/slides/net" nugetLink="https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.slides.net" nugetPackageName="" downloadAsLink="" learnAsLink="" apiReference="" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="Export PowerPoint" %}}

 In order to convert POTX to JPEG, we’ll use
 [Aspose.Slides for .NET](https://products.aspose.com/slides/net) 
 API which is a feature-rich, powerful and easy to use document manipulation and conversion API for C# platform. Open
 [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.slides.net) 
 package manager, search for
 **Aspose.Slides** 
 and install. You may also use the following command from the Package Manager Console.

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Aspose.Slides" offSpacer="true" %}}

```cs

PM> Install-Package Aspose.Slides.NET

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section isGrey="true" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="Steps to Convert POTX to JPEG via C#" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Slides makes it easy for the developers to load & convert POTX files to JPEG in just a few lines of code.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

1.  Load POTX file with an instance of Presentation class
1.  Iterate through each Slide in the Presentation
1.  Create a full scale image as a Bitmap with each iteration
1.  Call Bitmap.Save method with JPEG file extension & ImageFormat.Jpeg as parameters

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="System Requirements" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Slides for .NET is supported on all major operating systems. Just make sure that you have the following prerequisites.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

-  Microsoft Windows or a compatible OS with .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Azure, Mono or Xamarin Platforms.
-  Development environment like Microsoft Visual Studio.
-  Aspose.Slides for .NET DLL referenced in your project.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Command" offSpacer="" %}}

```cs
using (var presentation = new Aspose.Slides.Presentation("template.potx"))
{
    // iterate over all slides in the presentation
    foreach (var slide in presentation.Slides)
    {
        // create a full scale image
        var bitmap = slide.GetThumbnail(1f, 1f);

        // save the image to disk in JPEG format
        bitmap.Save(string.Format("Slide_{0}.jpeg", slide.SlideNumber), System.Drawing.Imaging.ImageFormat.Jpeg);
    }
} 

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section >}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/faq-item question="" answer="" >}}
 

<!-- aboutfile Starts -->

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox sectionTitle="Free App to Convert POTX to JPEG" sectionDescription="Check our live demos for [POTX to JPEG conversion](https://products.aspose.app/slides/conversion/potx-to-jpeg) with following benefits." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-cogs" text=" No need to download or setup anything." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-edit" text=" No need to write any code." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-file-text" text=" Just upload your POTX file and hit the \"Convert\" button." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-download" text=" You will instantly get the download link for resultant JPEG file." >}}

    {{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="How to Convert POTX to JPEG Using C#" %}}

 A Presentation Processing Library for PowerPoint and OpenOffice presentation formats. The API enables applications to read, write, protect, modify and convert presentations in .NET C#. Developers can use it to manage text, shapes, charts, tables & animations, add audio & video to slides, preview slides and much more.



    {{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="POTX" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/presentation/potx/" >}}
Files with .POTX extension represent Microsoft PowerPoint template presentations that are created with Microsoft PowerPoint 2007 and above. This format was created to replace the POT file format that is based on the binary file format and is supported with PowerPoint 97-2003. The files generated can be used to create presentations that have same layout and other settings required to be applied to new files. These settings can include styles, backgrounds, colour palette, fonts and defaults. Such files are generated in order to create ready-to-use template files for official use.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="jpeg" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/image/jpeg/" >}}
A JPEG is a type of image format that is saved using the method of lossy compression. The output image, as result of compression, is a trade-off between storage size and image quality. Users can adjust the compression level to achieve the desired quality level while at the same time reduce the storage size. Image quality is negligibly affected if 10:1 compression is applied to the image.  The higher the compression value, the higher the degradation in image quality. JPEG image file format was standardized by the Joint Photographic Experts Group and, hence, the name JPEG. The format has been the choice of storing and transmitting photographic images on the web. Almost all Operating systems now have viewers that support visualization of JPEG images, which are often stored with JPG extension as well. Even the web browsers support visualization of JPEG images.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

    {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox >}}

<!-- aboutfile Ends -->

{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-container >}}
    
{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class >}}