---
title: Convert PPTX to OTP via .NET 
weight: 2160
url: /net/conversion/pptx-to-otp/ 
description: Try our On-Premise APIs with your document on .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Azure, Mono or Xamarin Platforms.
---

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class isAutogenPage="true">}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/upper-banner h1="Convert PPTX to OTP via C#" h2="Export PowerPoint® PPTX files to OTP on .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Azure, Mono or Xamarin Platforms" logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/slides/272x272/aspose_slides-for-net.png" sourceAdditionalConversionTag="" additionalConversionTag="OTP" pfName="Aspose.Slides" subTitlepfName="for .NET" downloadUrl="" fileiconsmall1="HTML" fileiconsmall2="JPG" fileiconsmall3="PDF" fileiconsmall4="XML" fileiconsmall5="PPTX" >}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-container pfName="Aspose.Slides " subTitlepfName="for .NET" >}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/sub-menu autoGeneratedVersion="true" logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/slides/272x272/aspose_slides-for-net.png" apiHomeLink="https://products.aspose.app/slides/family" codeSamplesLink="https://github.com/aspose-slides" liveDemosLink="https://products.aspose.app/slides/family" docsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/slides/net" installationsDocsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/slides/net" nugetLink="https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.slides.net" nugetPackageName="" downloadAsLink="" learnAsLink="" apiReference="" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="Export PowerPoint" %}}

 In order to convert PPTX to OTP, we’ll use
 [Aspose.Slides for .NET](https://products.aspose.com/slides/net) 
 API which is a feature-rich, powerful and easy to use document manipulation and conversion API for C# platform. Open
 [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.slides.net) 
 package manager, search for
 **Aspose.Slides** 
 and install. You may also use the following command from the Package Manager Console.

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Aspose.Slides" offSpacer="true" %}}

```cs

PM> Install-Package Aspose.Slides.NET

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section isGrey="true" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="Steps to Convert PPTX to OTP via C#" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Slides makes it easy for the developers to load & convert PPTX files to OTP in just a few lines of code.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

1.  Load PPTX file with an instance of Presentation class
1.  Call the Save method while specifying output file path & SaveFormat.Otp as parameters
1.  OTP file will be saved at the specified path

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="System Requirements" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Slides for .NET is supported on all major operating systems. Just make sure that you have the following prerequisites.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

-  Microsoft Windows or a compatible OS with .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Azure, Mono or Xamarin Platforms.
-  Development environment like Microsoft Visual Studio.
-  Aspose.Slides for .NET DLL referenced in your project.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Command" offSpacer="" %}}

```cs
// instantiate a Presentation object that represents a PPTX file
var presentation = new Aspose.Slides.Presentation("template.pptx");
// save the presentation as OTP
presentation.Save("output.otp", SaveFormat.Otp); 

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section >}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/faq-item question="" answer="" >}}
 

<!-- aboutfile Starts -->

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox sectionTitle="Free App to Convert PPTX to OTP" sectionDescription="Check our live demos for [PPTX to OTP conversion](https://products.aspose.app/slides/conversion/pptx-to-otp) with following benefits." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-cogs" text=" No need to download or setup anything." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-edit" text=" No need to write any code." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-file-text" text=" Just upload your PPTX file and hit the \"Convert\" button." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-download" text=" You will instantly get the download link for resultant OTP file." >}}

    {{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="How to Convert PPTX to OTP Using C#" %}}

 A Presentation Processing Library for PowerPoint and OpenOffice presentation formats. The API enables applications to read, write, protect, modify and convert presentations in .NET C#. Developers can use it to manage text, shapes, charts, tables & animations, add audio & video to slides, preview slides and much more.



    {{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="PPTX" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/presentation/pptx/" >}}
Files with PPTX extension are presentation files created with popular Microsoft PowerPoint application. Unlike the previous version of presentation file format PPT which was binary, the PPTX format is based on the Microsoft PowerPoint open XML presentation file format. A presentation file is a collection of slides where each slide can comprise of text, images, formatting, animations, and other media. These slides are presented to audience in the form of slideshows with custom presentation settings.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="otp" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/presentation/otp/" >}}
Files with .OTP extension represent presentation template files created by applications in OASIS OpenDocument standard format. The contents of such a file include presentation information in the form of slides with text, images, shapes, multimedia content, transition effects and other slide elements. These template files are used for creating new presentations quickly based on the styling information stored in the template itself. OTP files can be created and saved with several different applications such as Impress that comes with OpenOffice suite and Microsoft PowerPoint. The OTP file format is similar to Microsoft PowerPoint template files .POT and .POTX.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

    {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox >}}

<!-- aboutfile Ends -->

{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-container >}}
    
{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class >}}