---
title: Convert PPSX to XPS via .NET 
weight: 2640
url: /net/conversion/ppsx-to-xps/ 
description: Try our On-Premise APIs with your document on .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Azure, Mono or Xamarin Platforms.
---

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class isAutogenPage="true">}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/upper-banner h1="Convert PPSX to XPS via C#" h2="Export PowerPoint® PPSX files to XPS on .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Azure, Mono or Xamarin Platforms" logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/slides/272x272/aspose_slides-for-net.png" sourceAdditionalConversionTag="" additionalConversionTag="XPS" pfName="Aspose.Slides" subTitlepfName="for .NET" downloadUrl="" fileiconsmall1="HTML" fileiconsmall2="JPG" fileiconsmall3="PDF" fileiconsmall4="XML" fileiconsmall5="PPSX" >}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-container pfName="Aspose.Slides " subTitlepfName="for .NET" >}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/sub-menu autoGeneratedVersion="true" logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/slides/272x272/aspose_slides-for-net.png" apiHomeLink="https://products.aspose.app/slides/family" codeSamplesLink="https://github.com/aspose-slides" liveDemosLink="https://products.aspose.app/slides/family" docsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/slides/net" installationsDocsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/slides/net" nugetLink="https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.slides.net" nugetPackageName="" downloadAsLink="" learnAsLink="" apiReference="" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="Export PowerPoint" %}}

 In order to convert PPSX to XPS, we’ll use
 [Aspose.Slides for .NET](https://products.aspose.com/slides/net) 
 API which is a feature-rich, powerful and easy to use document manipulation and conversion API for C# platform. Open
 [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.slides.net) 
 package manager, search for
 **Aspose.Slides** 
 and install. You may also use the following command from the Package Manager Console.

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Aspose.Slides" offSpacer="true" %}}

```cs

PM> Install-Package Aspose.Slides.NET

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section isGrey="true" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="Steps to Convert PPSX to XPS via C#" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Slides makes it easy for the developers to load & convert PPSX files to XPS in just a few lines of code.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

1.  Load PPSX file with an instance of Presentation class
1.  Call the Save method while specifying output file path & SaveFormat.Xps as parameters
1.  XPS file will be saved at the specified path

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="System Requirements" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Slides for .NET is supported on all major operating systems. Just make sure that you have the following prerequisites.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

-  Microsoft Windows or a compatible OS with .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Azure, Mono or Xamarin Platforms.
-  Development environment like Microsoft Visual Studio.
-  Aspose.Slides for .NET DLL referenced in your project.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Command" offSpacer="" %}}

```cs
// instantiate a Presentation object that represents a PPSX file
var presentation = new Aspose.Slides.Presentation("template.ppsx");
// save the presentation as XPS
presentation.Save("output.xps", SaveFormat.Xps); 

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section >}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/faq-item question="" answer="" >}}
 

<!-- aboutfile Starts -->

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox sectionTitle="Free App to Convert PPSX to XPS" sectionDescription="Check our live demos for [PPSX to XPS conversion](https://products.aspose.app/slides/conversion/ppsx-to-xps) with following benefits." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-cogs" text=" No need to download or setup anything." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-edit" text=" No need to write any code." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-file-text" text=" Just upload your PPSX file and hit the \"Convert\" button." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-download" text=" You will instantly get the download link for resultant XPS file." >}}

    {{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="How to Convert PPSX to XPS Using C#" %}}

 A Presentation Processing Library for PowerPoint and OpenOffice presentation formats. The API enables applications to read, write, protect, modify and convert presentations in .NET C#. Developers can use it to manage text, shapes, charts, tables & animations, add audio & video to slides, preview slides and much more.



    {{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="PPSX" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/presentation/ppsx/" >}}
PPSX, Power Point Slide Show, file are created using Microsoft PowerPoint 2007 and above for Slide Show purpose. It is an update to the PPS file format that was supported by Microsoft PowerPoint 97-2003 versions. When a PPSX file is shared with another user and opened, it starts as PowerPoint show unlike PPTX file that opens in editable mode. The sequence of slide show is the same as in the original presentation. All the slides accompany the images, sounds and other embedded media accompany the presentation slides to the PPSX during the slideshow.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="xps" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/page-description-language/xps/" >}}
An XPS file represents page layout files that are based on XML Paper Specifications created by Microsoft. This format was developed by Microsoft as a replacement of EMF file format and is similar to PDF file format, but uses XML in layout, appearance, and printing information of a document. It is, in fact, more justified to say that XPS is an attempt on PDF, but couldn't get enough popularity as owned by PDF for a number of reasons. Microsoft provides XPS Document Writer by default from Windows 7 onwards for the creation of XPS files. XPS files can be generated by selecting the "Microsoft XPS Document Writer" as printer while printing the document.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

    {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox >}}

<!-- aboutfile Ends -->

{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-container >}}
    
{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class >}}