---
title: Convert POTX to PDF via .NET 
weight: 6960
url: /net/conversion/potx-to-pdf/ 
description: Try our On-Premise APIs with your document on .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Azure, Mono or Xamarin Platforms.
---

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class isAutogenPage="true">}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/upper-banner h1="Convert POTX to PDF via C#" h2="Export PowerPointВ® POTX files to PDF on .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Azure, Mono or Xamarin Platforms" logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/slides/272x272/aspose_slides-for-net.png" sourceAdditionalConversionTag="" additionalConversionTag="PDF" pfName="Aspose.Slides" subTitlepfName="for .NET" downloadUrl="" fileiconsmall1="HTML" fileiconsmall2="JPG" fileiconsmall3="PDF" fileiconsmall4="XML" fileiconsmall5="POTX" >}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-container pfName="Aspose.Slides " subTitlepfName="for .NET" >}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/sub-menu autoGeneratedVersion="true" logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/slides/272x272/aspose_slides-for-net.png" apiHomeLink="https://products.aspose.app/slides/family" codeSamplesLink="https://github.com/aspose-slides" liveDemosLink="https://products.aspose.app/slides/family" docsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/slides/net" installationsDocsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/slides/net" nugetLink="https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.slides.net" nugetPackageName="" downloadAsLink="" learnAsLink="" apiReference="" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="Export PowerPoint" %}}

 In order to convert POTX to PDF, weвЂ™ll use
 [Aspose.Slides for .NET](https://products.aspose.com/slides/net) 
 API which is a feature-rich, powerful and easy to use document manipulation and conversion API for C# platform. Open
 [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.slides.net) 
 package manager, search for
 **Aspose.Slides** 
 and install. You may also use the following command from the Package Manager Console.

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Aspose.Slides" offSpacer="true" %}}

```cs

PM> Install-Package Aspose.Slides.NET

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section isGrey="true" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="Steps to Convert POTX to PDF via C#" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Slides makes it easy for the developers to load & convert POTX files to PDF in just a few lines of code.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

1.  Load POTX file with an instance of Presentation class
1.  Call the Save method while specifying output file path & SaveFormat.Pdf as parameters
1.  PDF file will be saved at the specified path

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="System Requirements" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Slides for .NET is supported on all major operating systems. Just make sure that you have the following prerequisites.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

-  Microsoft Windows or a compatible OS with .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Azure, Mono or Xamarin Platforms.
-  Development environment like Microsoft Visual Studio.
-  Aspose.Slides for .NET DLL referenced in your project.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Command" offSpacer="" %}}

```cs
// instantiate a Presentation object that represents a POTX file
var presentation = new Aspose.Slides.Presentation("template.potx");
// save the presentation as PDF
presentation.Save("output.pdf", SaveFormat.Pdf); 

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section >}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/faq-item question="" answer="" >}}
 

<!-- aboutfile Starts -->

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox sectionTitle="Free App to Convert POTX to PDF" sectionDescription="Check our live demos for [POTX to PDF conversion](https://products.aspose.app/slides/conversion/potx-to-pdf) with following benefits." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-cogs" text=" No need to download or setup anything." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-edit" text=" No need to write any code." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-file-text" text=" Just upload your POTX file and hit the \"Convert\" button." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-download" text=" You will instantly get the download link for resultant PDF file." >}}

    {{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="How to Convert POTX to PDF Using C#" %}}

 A Presentation Processing Library for PowerPoint and OpenOffice presentation formats. The API enables applications to read, write, protect, modify and convert presentations in .NET C#. Developers can use it to manage text, shapes, charts, tables & animations, add audio & video to slides, preview slides and much more.



    {{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="POTX" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/presentation/potx/" >}}
Files with .POTX extension represent Microsoft PowerPoint template presentations that are created with Microsoft PowerPoint 2007 and above. This format was created to replace the POT file format that is based on the binary file format and is supported with PowerPoint 97-2003. The files generated can be used to create presentations that have same layout and other settings required to be applied to new files. These settings can include styles, backgrounds, colour palette, fonts and defaults. Such files are generated in order to create ready-to-use template files for official use.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="pdf" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/view/pdf/" >}}
Portable Document Format (PDF) is a type of document created by Adobe back in 1990s. The purpose of this file format was to introduce a standard for representation of documents and other reference material in a format that is independent of application software, hardware as well as Operating System. PDF files can be opened in Adobe Acrobat Reader/Writer as well in most modern browsers like Chrome, Safari, Firefox via extensions/plug-ins. Most of the commercially available software suites also offer conversion of their documents to PDF file format without the requirement of any additional software component. Thus, PDF file format has full capability to contain information like text, images, hyperlinks, form-fields, rich media, digital signatures, attachments, metadata, Geospatial features and 3D objects in it that can become as part of source document.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

    {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox >}}

<!-- aboutfile Ends -->

{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-container >}}
    
{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class >}}